[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a post-apocalyptic
horror film the divide
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
a sudden nuclear explosion ravages half
of new york city
in a crumbling apartment block the
residents are in panic
and run for their life only eight
survivors remain
and take shelter in the basement if the
survivors gradually calm down
the superintendent of the apartment
building big beard
immediately seals the door then asserts
his ownership of this basement
he allows them to stay in his place only
under his control
but no one is allowed to open the door
once the radiation dust floats in
everyone will definitely die working as
a firefighter before
the big beard knows well how to prepare
for an emergency
he has stored some supplies in the
basement before the disaster
he hopes these supplies can support them
long enough until they are rescued
time passes very slowly in this dark and
narrow basement
the bully guy and the grumpy man decide
to go check outside
the big beard picks up an axe right away
to scare them back
they keep quiet again but the silence
doesn't last long
the bully guy starts to complain the
canned food is unpalatable
the lawyer starts to swear and complain
as well in anger
big beard slaps the lawyer in the face
to shut his [ __ ] up
right at that moment however they hear a
strange noise outside
a laser cut opens the closed door a
mysterious group of people in protective
suits rush in
everyone thinks they are the rescue team
but unexpectedly
those people try to take the little girl
away forcibly then the two sides fall
into a fierce fight
thanks to the familiarity with the
basement the big beard side managed to
kill two of the mysterious group
however the rest of them seize the
little girl and leave quickly
the bully guy's brother is badly injured
in the gunfire
the big beard locks the basement door
again grumpy finds some medicine
and eva provides medical treatment on
the injured quickly
lynn wants to find her daughter back so
she tries to open the door
everyone comes up to stop her then they
can find her in the storage room
after that they wrap up the two dead
bodies and take their protective suits
and weapons
with two guns in hand they decide to go
check the situation outside
and search for the little girl as well
the big beard suggests the bully guy do
the task
because he is skilled at fighting so he
can protect himself better
also his injured brother is here as well
so he will definitely not sneak away
flynn finally calms down walks to the
bully guy
and begs him to save her daughter then
they open the door of the basement but
are surprised to find an isolated
passage built outside
it can't see the outside world at all
the bully guy holds the gun
and carefully walks through the passage
he finds a laboratory connecting to the
tunnel
and some people there fiddling with
experimental equipment
as they don't notice the bully guy in a
protective suit he continues to walk
forward
and explore the lab in the next room he
discovers several
children are kept in enclosed units they
are made to breathe through tubes
connected to their mouths
with their hair shaved off and their
eyes bandaged
lynn's daughter is also found among them
taken for the unknown experiment
when the bully guy wants to save the
little girl he is exposed
then he hurries to flee back to the
basement on the way he kills two men
but loses his gun in a panic shortly
after his escape back to the basement
the mysterious group weld the basement
door from the outside
people are trapped and can't go out
anymore in despair
the bully guy tells everyone there is no
rescue team outside at all
and the little girl is taken as an
experimental rat
people's despair slowly shrouds them
days later
the two bodies left in the basement
begin rotting and stinking
the stench makes everyone unable to
breathe so they discuss how to dispose
of the two bodies
the big beard shares a thrilling story
that a group of people were trapped in
the mountain
after an airplane crash to survive they
had to eat up the bodies of the dead
passengers
everyone knows what that story actually
means to them
but no one is willing to do that until
the last minute so
they decide to heck up the bodies throw
them into the septic tank
but only grumpy stands out and
volunteers to hack up the bodies
then grumpy's busy chopping the bodies
with the axe
moments later he becomes exhausted and
looks different
seemingly indicating that he's
traumatized a lot by the blood scenes
the desperate lend still under pain of
losing her daughter though
comes to comfort this tough guy's lost
soul and his hormones later
turning the narrow basement into a
hormone smelly hell
the stocks of food and drinking water
are decreasing as time passes
they're afraid that the remaining
supplies are not enough to sustain them
till they are rescued the bully guy
suspects the big beard has secretly
hoarded some supplies
because he is the only one who doesn't
get any thinner during this tough time
then the two start a fierce quarrel but
the muscular man manages to mediate them
the big beard returns to his room in
anger while the muscular man secretly
follows him
to his surprise the big beard opens the
curtain on the wall
revealing a room hidden inside he is
taking out a box of cans from there
the muscular man threatens him with his
pistol and breaks in
soon he is shocked by the supplies
hidden inside
the muscular man forces him to share the
food with the rest
but gets rejected because of that they
start to fight
against each other moments later the big
beard takes the edge
and shoots him to death everyone rushes
there after hearing the gunshot
then the big beard explains he tried to
defend himself
and killed the muscular man by mistake
eva however
who is hiding behind and shocked by the
fight tells everyone the truth
so the rest immediately subdue the big
beard and tie him up
later they find the secret door behind
the curtain but they cannot enter
without the passcode
then they begin to torture the big beard
and force him to tell them the code
meanwhile trying to avoid more deaths in
the basement
eva throws the pistol into the septic
tank
the bully guy and grumpy continue the
torture and even cut one of his fingers
off
finally the big beard can't withstand
the sufferings
and tells the code after the door is
open
the bully guy and grumpy guy are excited
to see a room
full of cans and pure water the two take
over the room and those supplies
and claim they are in charge of
allocating supplies to the rest
then they can find a big beard and
become the new leader
days later however the bully guy begins
to cough up blood
and lose hair due to radiation realizing
that he is going to die of radiation
the bully guy cherishes his remaining
time and then joins the hormone club
run by grumpy and lynn it's shown that
while being confined in that isolated
space
people consume their humanity little by
little and gradually replace it with
bestiality and hormonity
the bully guy and grumpy become to act
like a lunatic
a physically and sexually abuse lynn and
even ask even to exchange her hormones
for food
luckily the bully guys brother helps her
out of the situation
these days eva always take good care of
him so they slowly have feelings for
each other
he takes some foods from his brother and
then gives them to eva
who shares it with the big beard and
thus saves his life
as a return the big beard tells her
secret that there is a gun
hidden inside the safe room and that
there is even a secret exit
hidden under the septic tank eva tells
her ex-boyfriend the lawyer
all of that and hopes he can help her
get the gun and escape
however her ex-boyfriend rejects to help
her and reports that to the two lunatics
hoping to get more food in that way they
ask the lawyer to bark like a dog
and hack up the corpse of the muscular
man although the lawyer immediately
barked like a dog
he hesitates to hack up the corpse
seeing that these two lunatics force
even to do the job for her ex-boyfriend
otherwise they will cut his arm off eva
has to follow the order
the bloody experience plunges her into
great pain
as time goes by the radiation effects
begin to show
grumpy begins to lose hair like the
bully guy so the two decide to shave
them bald
they become more and more indulgent in
hormones until someday
eva is astonished to find out that lynn
has been tortured to death
she senses the danger and realizes that
she has to find the gun
and get out of here as soon as possible
she once again asks her ex-boyfriend for
help
this time the lawyer doesn't reject they
figure out a plan to steal the gun
eva lures the bully guy away pretending
to play hormone game with him
and the lawyer tricks grumpy to open the
secret door and let himself
in meanwhile the bully guy kicks off the
hormone game in a rush
eva is in fear and struggles desperately
fortunately right at that time the bully
guy's brother hears the screams
and rushes to save her at the same time
the coward lawyer finally fights back he
kicks grumpy to the ground
and gets the gun later in a stalemate
the lawyer shoots the bully guy's
brother by mistake the bullet pierces
through his neck
eva rushes to stop the bleeding but it's
too late
he dies soon while the lawyer is shocked
and confused
the two lunatics knock him down and beat
him badly
eva is completely outraged she tears off
the sharp cap from the can
and cuts open grumpy's throat and she
picks up the gun races to the storage
room
and unties the big beard then the big
beard sends a bullet to the coming bully
guy
however the bully guy survives the shot
he struggles to pick up an oil lamp and
throws it to the ground
attempting to kill everybody inside the
flames quickly spread to the basement
while the lawyer and big beard try hard
to put out the fire
eva rushes into the safe room and locks
the door
she puts on a protective suit and packs
some cans before escaping from the
secret tunnel
hidden under the septic tank while the
burning flames swallow the lawyer and
the big beard
after swimming through a filthy sewer
she follows an exit to the ground but is
shocked to see a lifeless world
with ruins and skeletons everywhere
this is daniel cc movie channel bye